Replace graphql-docs npm package with gem (#8631)
decidim/decidim: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

#### New Api Documentation engine
PR [\#8631](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/8631) Replaces graphql-docs npm package with gem. In this PR we have also added 3 configurable paramaters:

```ruby
# defines the schema max_per_page to configure GraphQL pagination
Decidim::Api.schema_max_per_page = 50

# defines the schema max_complexity to configure GraphQL query complexity
Decidim::Api.schema_max_complexity = 5000

# defines the schema max_depth to configure GraphQL query max_depth
Decidim::Api.schema_max_depth = 15
```

The static documentation will be rendered into : ```app/views/static/api/docs``` which is being refreshed automatically when you will run ```rake decidim:upgrade```.

> You can automatically regenerate the docs by running: ```rake decidim_api:generate_docs```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually regenerate the docs by running: ```rake decidim_api:generate_docs```
```
